Balancing military work and school is challenging, but it can be done.
I was on active duty for eight years, and during that time there wasn't
that much opportunity to be a full time student. I did take part
time classes during work, but sometimes work was really long, especially
when we were fighting the war. So I took one class each semester
for over two breaks in the summer, and they were really good, they
were really fun, and I got A's in both classes. It was English and
calculus, and you find little spots in your day to fill it in.  When
I got out of the active duty service, I was a full time student,
and I was doing Navy part time as a reservist, and then it's much more
manageable. Reserve work is only Saturday and Sunday, otherwise they
don't really, they give you lots of freedom to you know, really
focus on your schoolwork. So reserve is a lot easier for that.